"Hello / How Are You?"
"Kizuna AI"
♪ Hello! ♪
(haro)
♪ I opened my window and whispered ♪
(mado o akete chiisaku tsubuyaita)
♪ How are you? ♪
(hawayu)
♪ Alone in my room, with no one ♪
(dare mo inai heya de hitori)
♪ Morning! ♪
(moonin)
♪ The morning has arrived, with a heavy downpour ♪
(asa ga kita yo doshaburi no asa ga)
♪ Tick-tock ♪
(tikutaku)
♪ Someone please rewind my spring for me ♪
(watashi no neji o dare ka maite)
♪ Hello! ♪
(haro)
♪ I think that kind of person appeared only in old anime ♪
(mukashi no anime ni sonna no ita kke na)
♪ How are you? ♪
(hawayu)
♪ I am so jealous, that someone can be loved by all ♪
(urayamashii na minna ni aisarete)
♪ Sleeping... ♪
(suriipin)
♪ I must stop saying silly things and start preparing ♪
(baka na koto itte naide shitaku o shinakucha)
♪ Crying... ♪
(kurain)
♪ In order to hide my tear marks ♪
(namida no ato o kakusu tame)
♪ "Oh well, whatever" has become my favorite phrase ♪
(mou kuchiguse ni natta "maa-ikka")
♪ That line from yesterday went straight over my head: ♪
(kinou no kotoba ga futo atama o yogiru)
♪ "I don't have any expectations of you anymore" ♪
("mou kimi ni wa zenzen kitai shite'nai kara")
♪ Well, even I myself ♪
(sorya maa watashi datte)
♪ Won't have any expectations of myself, but still ♪
(jibun ni kitai nado shite'nai keredo)
♪ What was THAT for? ♪
(are wa ittai dou iu tsumori desu ka)
♪ The words that escaped from my throat ♪
(nodomoto made dekakatta kotoba)
♪ Were nothing ♪
(kuchi o tsuite)
♪ But lies ♪
(deta no wa uso)
♪ Today too, I've wasted some valuable words ♪
(kou shite kyou mo watashi wa kichou na)
♪ As I continue living my life ♪
(kotoba o rouhi shite ikite yuku)
♪ Why is it that you end up hiding it? ♪
(naze kakushite shimau no desu ka)
♪ Is it that you're scared of being laughed at? ♪
(warawareru no ga kowai no desu ka)
♪ Is it that you don't want to meet anyone? ♪
(dare ni mo aitakunai no desu ka)
♪ Is that really true? ♪
(sore hontou desu ka)
♪ Drowning in a sea of the name "ambiguity" ♪
(aimai to iu na no umi ni oborete)
♪ I'm suffering because I can no longer breathe ♪
(iki mo dekinai hodo kurushii no)
♪ I now have a small urge to listen to someone's voice ♪
(sukoshi koe ga kikitaku narimashita)
♪ I am so weak ♪
(hontou ni yowai na)
♪ Hau~ ♪
Original song produced by HoeHoe-P feat. Hatsune Miku
Translated by kenxniixchan and Vortex